Student answer document 
	Long answers not required. 
	Short answers are fine.
	If a section has no work to do, just write "none" or "n/a" or "no work to do" or something like that.

Lesson 1.1 Moving the cursor
Learned to move the cursor using h, j, k, and l. 
Lesson 1.2: Exiting VIM
Used the command :q! to exit vim without saving.
Lesson 1.3: Text Editing – Deletion
Pressed x on the unwanted characters to delete them.
Lesson 1.4: Text Editing – Insertion
Used i to insert text on the line that was missing text.
Lesson 1.5: Text Editing – Appending
Used a to append text to the end of the lines missing text.
Lesson 1.6: Editing A File
Learned how to save and exit using :wq.
Lesson 1 Summary
none
Lesson 2.1: Deletion Commands
Used the dw command to delete a word in a sentence.
Lesson 2.2: More Deletion Commands
Used the d$ command to delete the end of a line that was repeated.
Lesson 2.3: On operators and Motions
none
Lesson 2.4: Using a count for a Motion
Moved the cursor around using commands like 2w to move two words forward.
Lesson 2.5: Using a count to delete More
Cleaned a line of words using d2w (got rid of capital letters).
Lesson 2.6: Operating on Lines
Deleted multiple lines using dd to see a completed poem.
Lesson 2.7: The Undo Command
Pressed u to undo any commands that I didn't intend to do. U fixes the entire line.
Lesson 2: Summary
none
Lesson 3.1: the Put Command
Deleted lines with dd and placed them correctly in order using p.
Lesson 3.2: the Replace Command
Using the r command, I replaced letters in misspelt words to make the correct.
Lesson 3.3: The Change Operator
Used ce to change words that were not spelled right to match a sentence.
Lesson 3.4: More changes Using C
Deleted part of a line and fixed it using the c$ command.
Lesson 3: Summary
none
Lesson 4.1: Cursor Location and File Status
Moved around the file using the line numbers and CTRL-G.
Lesson 4.2: The Search Command
Used commands such as / to find specific word in the file.
Lesson 4.3: Matching Parentheses Search
Learned how to move between brackets and paratheneses with %.
Lesson 4.4: The substitute Command
Substituted a word in a line using the command :s/word/newword/g
Lesson 4: Summary
none
Lesson 5.1: How to Execute an External Command
Used :! to launch an external command such as ls or dir.
Lesson 5.2: More on Writing Files
Wrote a file using :w TEST and then deleted it with :!rm TEST.
Lesson 5.3: Selecting Text to Write
Used visual mode and : to select text and write it to a new file.
Lesson 5.4: Retrieving and Merging Files
Added my text from my TEST file to lesson 5.4 using :r TEST
Lesson 5: Summary
none
Lesson 6.1: The Open Command
Learned how to add new lines above and below using o and O.
Lesson 6.2: the Append Command
Moved around a sentence using e and appended to broken words using a.
Lesson 6.3: Another Way to Replace
Opened replace mode using R and fixed xxx to the correct numbers.
Lesson 6.4: Copy and Paste Text
Copy and pasted text to a second line using visual mode, y and p.
Lesson 6.5: Set Option
Searched for the word ignore and set ignore cases.
Lesson 6: Summary
none
Lesson 7.1: Getting Help
Learned how to get help online using the command :help
Lesson 7.2: Create a Startup Script
Learned how to start up vimrc and read an example file.
Lesson 7.3 Completion
Learned how to search and autocomplete commands with ctrl-d
Lesson 7: Summary
none
